chore(engine): add documentation for history cleanup job logs removal (#666)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/user-guide/process-engine/history.md

If the specific TTL is not set for a batch operation type, then the option `batchOperationHistoryTimeToLive` applies.

> #### HistoryCleanupJobs in the historic job log
> 
> A history cleanup is always performed by running a a HistoryCleanupJob. As with all other jobs the HistoryCleanupJob
> will produce events that are logged in the historic job log. By default those entries will stay in the log indefinitely 
> and cleanup must be configured explicitly. Note that this only works in for [removal-time based history cleanup]({{< ref "/user-guide/process-engine/history.md#removal-time-strategy">}}).
> 
> The `historyCleanupJobLogTimeToLive` property can be used to define a TTL for historic job log entries produced by
> HistoryCleanupJobs. The property accepts values in the ISO-8601 date format. Note that only the notation to define a
> number of days is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Job Logs

A history cleanup is always performed by executing a history cleanup job. As with all other jobs, the history cleanup job 
will produce events that are logged in the historic job log. By default, those entries will stay in the log indefinitely 
and cleanup must be configured explicitly. Please note that this only works for the [removal-time based history cleanup strategy]({{< ref "/user-guide/process-engine/history.md#removal-time-strategy">}}).

The `historyCleanupJobLogTimeToLive` property can be used to define a TTL for historic job log entries produced by 
history cleanup jobs. The property accepts values in the ISO-8601 date format. Note that only the notation to define a number of days is allowed.
```
